Sound categories for effects (#63)
endless-sky/endless-sky-wiki: wiki/CreatingEffects.md

As with the sprite attributes, you should only include whichever attributes you actually want to use.

* `sound <name>`: When the effect is created, this sound is played. (This happens even if the effect does not define a sprite.)

> * `"sound category" <category>`: What category the effect's sound should play as. Different categories might have different volume levels configured by the user. The category must be one of `ui`, `weapon`, `engine`, `jump`, `explosion` or `environment`. **(v. 0.10.11)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `"sound category" <category>`: What category the effect's sound should play as. Different categories might have different volume levels configured by the user. The category must be either `ui`, `weapon`, `engine`, `jump`, `explosion` or `environment`. **(v. 0.10.11)**
```
